fix: fix more deprecated download urls (#415)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/installation/linux_packetmanager_install.adoc

:yum-versionlock-plugin-url: https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/yum-versionlock.1.html
:archlinux-packages-url: https://www.archlinux.org/packages/community/x86_64/owncloud-client/
:arch-user-url: https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/?O=0&K=owncloud

> :download-oc-url: https://owncloud.com/download-server/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Before you can install `owncloud-files`, you need to add {oc-install-package-url}[ownCloud's package repository] to your distribution's package manager.

> NOTE: Package managers should only be used for single-server setups. For production environments, we recommend installing from the {download-oc-url}[tar archive].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Package managers should only be used for single-server setups. For production environments, we recommend installing from the {oc-complete-base-url}[tar archive].
```
